## Resume Builder BOT
## 1. Problem Statement
In a competitive market, having a resume and homepage that works for you is essential. However, many of us already maintain e profile in popular web services like LinkedIn, Github etc. Moreover, building a personal website is often time consuming. Therefore, keeping that in mind, our plan is to create a bot that is able to put together a personal resume like website based on various public profiles such as LinkedIn, Github, DBLP index etc and the information that is fed to the bot by the person itself through the conversation with the bot. These days, slack provides a lot of options for developers to build bots that can do such interesting thing, so using the slack bot api, one can easily resuse their information from the website and get a set of static html and css pages that will be hosted as a personal resume webpage. It will save the user from spending time and tedious work on building html and css contents from the scratch.

## 2. Bot Description
-   The Resume builder bot is a Slack (or mattermost) based interactive conversational bot which simplifies the mundane (in the sense that it handles the formatting and ornamentation) task of buidling a CV and homepage.  
-   The bot provides the user various alternatives to start their new CV/Homepage with different templates according to the user's taste.  The templates will be based upon Jekyl and markdown.
-   The bot will continue with the conversation bringing out important information that it needs from the user.
- Hence, with the necessary information, it will extract user profile information such as the publication list, work ethic, employment history, skillsets, etc from sites like LinkedIn, Google Scholar, etc. 
- Once the bot completes its task, it will reply in Slack with a link to the homepage within which the CV is also availiable if user opts to host the site in github.io or provide a static webpage files that can be used to publish the site in any host.